i like the beginner's workshop because
you learn like little bits and pieces
everybody's like super friendly and like
very outgoing i would definitely
recommend it to others because i feel
like i personally got a lot out of it
the beginner series is a six-week course
for a brand new yoga student
to come in and experience
what it's like to be in a yoga class
in a very controlled environment where
we're able to stop and ask questions
we're able to explain postures why we're
doing things having a beginner's
workshop and just a safe place to be
able to ask questions and say well this
doesn't feel right or you know am i
doing this right and being comfortable
because i knew all the other people were
beginners too i think it was just the
atmosphere of you do what you can it's a
beginner's class you're learning this do
the best that you can week to week we go
through different breathing exercises
each week builds on the next that at the
end of the six-week course you have all
of the information the knowledge and the
experience you need to come into one of
our vinyasa yoga classes i think my
favorite thing that i learned is the
breathing throughout the poses to kind
of make it go more smoothly and it was
way more relaxing a modification is most
simply to take a pose and break it down
into different ways that that same pose
can be done so that it accommodates
anybody there are certain poses i can't
hold as long and i was feeling bad about
that and like hurting my neck to do
certain things that i wasn't ready for
and the teacher would come over and just
say
you know
do the baby pose or child pose it's cost
effective as opposed to doing private
lessons
it's cheaper than doing six privates and
then in this way you get a
cost-effective way to gain a lot of
knowledge and be able to come into a
yoga practice and and know that you're
doing everything right i mean i would do
it all over again